top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_29.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_30.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_69.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_28.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_31.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_12.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_25.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_24.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_51.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/tHvLBLCBHyU_4.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_66.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_35.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_6.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_31.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_8.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_49.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_89.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_100.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_73.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_17.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_28.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/tHvLBLCBHyU_9.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_4.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_14.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_52.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_13.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_53.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_79.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_74.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_3.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_57.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_19.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_96.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_65.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_76.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_40.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_64.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/pIPr-lp0C6E_4.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_34.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_46.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_9.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_33.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/tHvLBLCBHyU_6.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_23.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_55.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/tHvLBLCBHyU_1.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/pIPr-lp0C6E_2.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_15.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_5.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_102.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_47.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_22.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_59.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_29.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_17.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_12.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_85.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_20.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_86.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_32.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_56.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_10.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/tHvLBLCBHyU_7.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_84.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_6.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_45.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_37.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_87.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_88.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_71.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_42.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_94.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_25.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_72.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_103.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_63.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_7.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_36.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_92.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/tHvLBLCBHyU_8.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_78.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_54.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_1.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_21.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_82.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_32.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_11.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_91.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_8.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_44.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/tHvLBLCBHyU_0.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_22.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_41.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_77.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_19.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_99.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_67.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_27.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/pIPr-lp0C6E_3.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_60.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_58.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_75.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_68.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_14.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_61.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_2.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/GIB4tnBSWtg_0.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_10.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/tHvLBLCBHyU_3.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_97.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_18.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_98.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_83.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_62.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_24.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_9.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_13.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_36.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_35.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/pIPr-lp0C6E_0.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_16.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_0.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_50.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_90.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/GIB4tnBSWtg_2.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_43.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_80.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_20.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_38.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_48.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/GIB4tnBSWtg_3.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/tHvLBLCBHyU_5.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_7.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_95.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_23.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_33.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_15.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_30.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/pIPr-lp0C6E_1.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_27.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_21.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_93.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_34.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/GIB4tnBSWtg_1.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_101.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_11.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_81.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_18.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_39.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/0EMNATwzLA4_26.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/fXjfvEcAV6w_70.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone acoustic_guitar/tHvLBLCBHyU_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/bowjUDJsWq8_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_51.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/bowjUDJsWq8_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_23.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_25.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_35.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/bowjUDJsWq8_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_26.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_32.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_23.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_28.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_25.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_30.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_35.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/bowjUDJsWq8_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_30.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_25.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NihlZckO34o_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_41.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_21.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_26.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_43.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_30.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/J58EcMaJsS8_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_30.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_20.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_20.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/dhWU1tU1HbY_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_24.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NihlZckO34o_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_28.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_47.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_22.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/HihdcTYa-8k_20.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_33.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_32.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_40.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_37.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/J58EcMaJsS8_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_49.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_22.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/dhWU1tU1HbY_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_24.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_27.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_23.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_28.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_20.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_33.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/HihdcTYa-8k_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_26.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/HihdcTYa-8k_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_23.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_20.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/bowjUDJsWq8_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_23.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_25.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_20.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_29.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NihlZckO34o_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_40.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_23.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_31.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_24.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_24.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_25.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_26.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_29.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_37.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_42.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_36.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_29.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_31.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_21.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_31.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_50.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/HihdcTYa-8k_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_22.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_23.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/dhWU1tU1HbY_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/HihdcTYa-8k_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/dhWU1tU1HbY_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_24.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_20.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_34.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_28.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_48.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_36.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NihlZckO34o_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/bowjUDJsWq8_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_46.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_26.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_29.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/HihdcTYa-8k_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_21.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_39.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NihlZckO34o_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_27.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NihlZckO34o_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/HihdcTYa-8k_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/dhWU1tU1HbY_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_45.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_18.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/J58EcMaJsS8_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/bowjUDJsWq8_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_40.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_33.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_25.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_22.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_29.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_43.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_32.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/bowjUDJsWq8_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_38.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_25.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/HihdcTYa-8k_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_28.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_21.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_32.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_24.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_37.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/dhWU1tU1HbY_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/bowjUDJsWq8_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_22.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_39.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_20.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/dhWU1tU1HbY_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_44.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_38.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_41.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_39.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_27.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_20.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/HihdcTYa-8k_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_31.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/5GWxV8I21AQ_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_27.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_41.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/3Y2vbEwMkeQ_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/J58EcMaJsS8_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_28.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_26.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_21.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_22.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_25.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_15.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/dhWU1tU1HbY_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_19.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/BbPsU29zD1U_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_9.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_21.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_34.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/xkq-VyAzFHc_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/AIcISC49phE_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/iffYeAAUQ1o_5.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_4.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_42.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_27.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_8.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_20.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za7phW3V0xE_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_2.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_11.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_29.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NLooa9XHDMc_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/x9TgjVZPZbM_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/NihlZckO34o_3.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/VUXyjq1bw_Y_12.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/za84Zws-5gY_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/nTMJTm6tqoY_10.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/HihdcTYa-8k_13.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/7kbgi9oNEi0_30.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_7.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/GOYQXO-DJcg_17.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/SPXyBDbGt4s_6.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/S3ZIb96M6Ag_14.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/hL2HmLVK8-Y_16.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/lhGc6mbcfek_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/J58EcMaJsS8_0.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/ddDdNq1a01M_22.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/4oCTFMSUFlA_1.npy
top_detections/duet/clarinet acoustic_guitar/QgzhErwJcns_4.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_14.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/gfkfwnOFybM_1.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_3.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/JDV3yiF-6DU_4.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/U4RSnhRVUR0_10.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/U4RSnhRVUR0_0.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/U4RSnhRVUR0_9.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_1.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/JDV3yiF-6DU_2.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_13.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_11.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_2.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_15.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_4.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/JDV3yiF-6DU_6.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_10.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_9.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/JDV3yiF-6DU_3.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/U4RSnhRVUR0_2.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/gfkfwnOFybM_3.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/JDV3yiF-6DU_5.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/gfkfwnOFybM_2.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_7.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_12.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/U4RSnhRVUR0_5.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_5.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/U4RSnhRVUR0_3.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_6.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/JDV3yiF-6DU_1.npy
top_detections/duet/flute trumpet/8Oy-rsKES5I_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_17.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_18.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_16.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_16.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_39.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_30.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_21.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_33.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_21.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_27.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/PlKCXvBDxaI_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_19.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_35.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_21.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_19.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_18.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_16.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_59.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/--IXKwloYLE_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_37.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_55.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_36.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_23.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_48.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_32.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_20.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_22.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_13.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_13.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/PlKCXvBDxaI_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_26.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/--IXKwloYLE_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_13.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_13.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_17.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/--IXKwloYLE_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_25.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_46.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/--IXKwloYLE_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_13.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_21.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_16.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/--IXKwloYLE_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/--IXKwloYLE_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_28.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/PlKCXvBDxaI_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_17.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_20.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_16.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_52.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_41.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_49.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/--IXKwloYLE_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_13.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_19.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_17.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_40.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/--IXKwloYLE_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_16.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_17.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_20.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_23.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_16.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_44.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_22.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/PlKCXvBDxaI_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_22.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_19.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_17.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/--IXKwloYLE_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_21.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/--IXKwloYLE_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_13.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_21.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_42.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_43.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_47.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_17.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_13.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_18.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_13.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_22.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_17.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_20.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_18.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_45.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_17.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_16.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_38.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_13.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_16.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/--IXKwloYLE_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_19.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_19.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/bLjS6E6c0IA_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_18.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_34.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_24.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_12.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_58.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_13.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_25.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_17.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_31.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/PlKCXvBDxaI_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/PlKCXvBDxaI_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_54.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_2.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_57.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_18.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_16.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_14.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_1.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/K_U5-GbPgi0_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/mjL-XSxiu5k_23.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_51.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_18.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_9.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/wgpwadsv5YQ_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_5.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_15.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/HnUOaSfTA6c_4.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_11.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/D9lxLfTvrIs_8.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6CTOaH3qQKY_7.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/6KbXiT12LQ8_6.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_60.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/y0WB29MJJgQ_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_50.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_0.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/m_sKRr_n1NE_16.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_20.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_29.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/N1HwJvvYyoo_10.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_53.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/r-hUC0z2VDE_3.npy
top_detections/duet/cello acoustic_guitar/kotc5pssmt8_56.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_4.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_20.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_67.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_74.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_82.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_25.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_36.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_77.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/o3a6F070Xt0_1.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_35.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_14.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_39.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_43.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_63.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_40.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_73.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_47.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_44.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_24.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_27.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_17.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_46.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_52.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_66.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_64.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_81.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_75.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/o3a6F070Xt0_4.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/o3a6F070Xt0_2.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_55.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_42.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_29.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_79.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_37.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_61.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_28.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_50.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_59.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_48.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/Zqg4DwXmYBI_2.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_78.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_49.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_33.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_34.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_15.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_45.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_26.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_68.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_80.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/Zqg4DwXmYBI_1.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_58.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_70.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_53.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/o3a6F070Xt0_7.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_21.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/o3a6F070Xt0_3.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_38.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_6.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_57.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_51.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_23.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_69.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_18.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/Zqg4DwXmYBI_0.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_71.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_56.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_65.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_30.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_60.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_54.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_19.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_41.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_22.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_31.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_62.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/Zqg4DwXmYBI_3.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/o3a6F070Xt0_8.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/o3a6F070Xt0_0.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/o3a6F070Xt0_5.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/n8-2q4dheyU_72.npy
top_detections/duet/trumpet tuba/o3a6F070Xt0_6.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_9.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_23.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_22.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_16.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_32.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_23.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_12.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_6.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_33.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_20.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_9.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_12.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_1.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_7.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_34.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_7.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_7.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_10.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_28.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_13.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_10.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_33.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_35.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_27.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_3.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_19.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/OgHPzxGb1sM_13.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_25.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_6.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_32.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_31.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_17.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_11.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_4.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_2.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_2.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_29.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_18.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_24.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_27.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_1.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_0.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_28.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_8.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_22.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_11.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/bBCBMV7K-YA_10.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_37.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_30.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/whkxXZq4bKg_5.npy
top_detections/duet/xylophone flute/h2oiK1-8U5U_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_26.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_29.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_31.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/vEOyhF8KLPE_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/vEOyhF8KLPE_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_28.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_30.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4zpGMEalJHk_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_24.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/h61TbdGR7Rk_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_25.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LUWw06fW4zU_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_27.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_26.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_26.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_26.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_27.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LUWw06fW4zU_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_30.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_25.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_26.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_25.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_24.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LUWw06fW4zU_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_29.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_25.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_26.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_28.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_31.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/h61TbdGR7Rk_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_31.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/h61TbdGR7Rk_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_27.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/vEOyhF8KLPE_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_30.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_28.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_32.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_27.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_31.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_25.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_31.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_34.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_24.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_24.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/h61TbdGR7Rk_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_26.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_30.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_30.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_35.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_27.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LUWw06fW4zU_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/h61TbdGR7Rk_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_24.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_25.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/h61TbdGR7Rk_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_24.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LUWw06fW4zU_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_27.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/vEOyhF8KLPE_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_36.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/vEOyhF8KLPE_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_24.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_26.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/h61TbdGR7Rk_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_33.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_29.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_27.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_29.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_30.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_20.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/h61TbdGR7Rk_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_29.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_24.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_28.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/vEOyhF8KLPE_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/vEOyhF8KLPE_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_26.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_25.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_29.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/h61TbdGR7Rk_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_28.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_24.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_25.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_28.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/-7WIMBTTvZs_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/h61TbdGR7Rk_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LUWw06fW4zU_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/vEOyhF8KLPE_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LUWw06fW4zU_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_28.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_24.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_27.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/vEOyhF8KLPE_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_28.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_27.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/bsorCgLZkkA_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/vEOyhF8KLPE_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/kD4X8FmGlC4_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_29.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/TSktVYy2820_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/B7vaxJhgCQE_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_32.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LUWw06fW4zU_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_25.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_13.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_32.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/h61TbdGR7Rk_10.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1uG4jnhHgAc_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_1.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/j97FUC5-hpY_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/BI7SMfb-sek_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_30.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8zotbsDK62Q_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_15.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/o7YS-fzv5_k_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_26.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/sTo7AxrWIHE_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/vEOyhF8KLPE_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/FsZKFElmdDg_4.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/G-25ZOVbGTE_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_16.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_6.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_23.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jLY5DKM6HoI_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_0.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_29.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/os3aGWhaxhY_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_19.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_11.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/XgU1dc7eys0_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/4EWZakWPgrk_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/ABVrCfreq58_22.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Sllno_P7l8M_25.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/1xWqVxZNf1Q_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/Fif2-OjH-8A_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_12.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_33.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/HmIPqgiaW24_18.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_17.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/jr-coZHlWl8_7.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_14.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_32.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/8GsWxA7kalQ_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LHO49Q572F4_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_31.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WeeRb3LMb8E_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/yoCJxgwzJy0_24.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_21.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/i53jcmLQESI_9.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/xkjj-wqj_5M_8.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/WDJYj3SvUlw_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/wNAFZMyLNUA_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/LkYqVl7YNTs_2.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/UlZXQqfwhI4_3.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/w55jJXSspUo_5.npy
top_detections/duet/acoustic_guitar violin/mcEO4R0FLpw_12.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_35.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/XbOYpwFkn7o_1.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_14.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_19.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/XbOYpwFkn7o_6.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_44.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_6.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_10.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_23.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_76.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_10.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_8.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/XbOYpwFkn7o_4.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_26.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_21.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_4.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/XbOYpwFkn7o_2.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Vxe4R5qqEPI_11.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_8.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_28.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Ua1zhXvO6Dk_4.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_14.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_13.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_41.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_21.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_46.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_9.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_45.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_42.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_24.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_1.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Ua1zhXvO6Dk_2.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_52.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_89.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/RWP6BHh_c7Y_2.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_8.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_8.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_18.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_12.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Vxe4R5qqEPI_17.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_63.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_43.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_32.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_48.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_69.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/RWP6BHh_c7Y_10.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_7.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_5.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/XbOYpwFkn7o_7.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_1.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_0.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_13.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_3.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_29.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_30.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_0.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_48.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Ua1zhXvO6Dk_5.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_25.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_25.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/RWP6BHh_c7Y_5.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Vxe4R5qqEPI_25.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_12.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/kGAREuYVNDY_7.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_13.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_27.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_8.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_47.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_5.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_59.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_15.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_18.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/RWP6BHh_c7Y_7.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_10.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_37.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_7.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_93.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/RWP6BHh_c7Y_6.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_15.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_13.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_54.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_11.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_16.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_11.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_14.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Ua1zhXvO6Dk_9.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/RWP6BHh_c7Y_4.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/RWP6BHh_c7Y_1.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_5.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Ua1zhXvO6Dk_3.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_38.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_7.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_15.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_39.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/RWP6BHh_c7Y_3.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_1.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_60.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_14.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_3.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_3.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_7.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Ua1zhXvO6Dk_12.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_11.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_16.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_68.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/XbOYpwFkn7o_3.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_33.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_2.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_9.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/kGAREuYVNDY_14.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_97.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_22.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_53.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Vxe4R5qqEPI_22.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_15.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_52.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/XbOYpwFkn7o_0.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_20.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_9.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_5.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_4.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/RWP6BHh_c7Y_0.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_44.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_75.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_31.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_53.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Vxe4R5qqEPI_14.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_6.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_9.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_12.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Vxe4R5qqEPI_20.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_5.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_4.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_12.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/RWP6BHh_c7Y_9.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_0.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_40.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_49.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_50.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/Vxe4R5qqEPI_19.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_36.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_15.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_49.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_45.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/XbOYpwFkn7o_8.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_19.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_51.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_84.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_100.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/XbOYpwFkn7o_5.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_11.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_34.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/8DHG_hVSw1o_6.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/_9aFrft67Zw_85.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/k3371a9MXsI_7.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_38.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/r29WR4uOf9k_6.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/AP-vB4w_7Ag_17.npy
top_detections/duet/flute violin/RWP6BHh_c7Y_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_22.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_24.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/RfTCdZEqWcg_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DK6cSN_7lwk_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_28.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/RfTCdZEqWcg_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DK6cSN_7lwk_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_25.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_29.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/RfTCdZEqWcg_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DK6cSN_7lwk_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_22.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_28.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_28.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_26.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/7baQOJtiFMc_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/7baQOJtiFMc_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/RfTCdZEqWcg_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_31.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_24.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/7baQOJtiFMc_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/aIUPFTDzj5g_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_27.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_26.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_32.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/aIUPFTDzj5g_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_23.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_23.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_36.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_25.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_26.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/aIUPFTDzj5g_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/7baQOJtiFMc_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_31.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/aIUPFTDzj5g_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_33.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_23.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_23.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_26.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_32.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_22.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_27.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_36.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/aIUPFTDzj5g_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_29.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_26.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_22.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_29.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DK6cSN_7lwk_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DK6cSN_7lwk_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/aIUPFTDzj5g_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_36.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_27.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/ywH4K8mQ-1s_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_28.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/7baQOJtiFMc_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_34.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/ywH4K8mQ-1s_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_23.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_32.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_24.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_24.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_33.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_37.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/RfTCdZEqWcg_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/ywH4K8mQ-1s_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_30.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_25.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/aIUPFTDzj5g_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_23.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/ywH4K8mQ-1s_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_34.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_30.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_27.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_22.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_31.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_30.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_29.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/aIUPFTDzj5g_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_38.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_29.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_22.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_39.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_37.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/RfTCdZEqWcg_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/aIUPFTDzj5g_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_25.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_35.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_30.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_25.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/RfTCdZEqWcg_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_35.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_23.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_23.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DK6cSN_7lwk_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/ywH4K8mQ-1s_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_26.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_25.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_24.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_34.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/RfTCdZEqWcg_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_31.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_27.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_26.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_22.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_24.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_28.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_24.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/RfTCdZEqWcg_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_22.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jXyE0gq1upc_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/ywH4K8mQ-1s_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_30.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_28.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_15.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_27.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lMQVRb2mz44_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/hslVlYk0WEc_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_31.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_23.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_33.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/RfTCdZEqWcg_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/RfTCdZEqWcg_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_32.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_30.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_21.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_27.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/ywH4K8mQ-1s_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_29.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_13.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-qbAJMQBoX4_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_19.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_22.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/wzNBinIsa3c_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_22.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_14.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_35.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_6.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/jB58yIBmcTo_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_17.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_3.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_18.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_25.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_9.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/3U7_tVUZYT0_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_24.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_5.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_40.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/Y4Imlvn7la8_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WdwN5-JrU7I_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/DshS7-Mn9dM_25.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WkY638E5wy8_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/_u-pz6i3iDY_12.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/FAssLqBK2ZA_11.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/WnXzjXoSF_g_28.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ieHd2A9vOg_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_2.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/cNLX70EhWtg_0.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-HLTNgdajqw_8.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/gOsW2AVyjyc_10.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/9MOG4aV-qNU_20.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/5GpXUu8cz1c_7.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/-ryG2g4d6Qc_1.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/aIUPFTDzj5g_4.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_31.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/lTu6hayHl5k_16.npy
top_detections/duet/saxophone acoustic_guitar/G_rINXF-bzg_33.npy
